I'm a turkey what up I said what up
what's going on y'all chillin chillin
chillin what if call of duty advanced
warfare turned out to be the best Call
of Duty ever what if the cloaking was
the best idea ever
what if shooting in not being cloaked
anymore was just a great idea you know
it makes cloaking violence what if the
double jumping was just the best idea
ever
what if those exoskeleton suits with the
rocket packs on your back to help you
double jump was just one of the most
creative ideas ever what if that
grappling hook that helped you navigate
around the map was one of the best ideas
ever what if instead of a stupid knife
knife it was a punch mailing not a kick
but the opposite of that a punch mailing
just made this game great great what if
the name of this game that's coming out
wasn't Call of Duty with any of you guys
actually be checking out waiting for
this game being honest
it's the cod inner fanboy just making
you say this game is gonna be great um
what if one of those ideas that I said
earlier was an actual Call of Duty idea
what if they didn't cop
off of all these other games and put
them all in this game here and there
like in ghosts or black ops or modern
warfare you would see certain things
they copied like like modern warfare
would copy one thing from homefront
black ops 2 would copy one thing from
crisis here and there like they'll just
you know let's do this let's do that and
you know like just just make it just put
it in their game and make it better
but they are put in a hole of their game
too old I could name three games and I'm
sure you guys will in the comments also
you can name at least three or four
games that they blatantly copied off of
I don't see one idea was that was
original in Call of Duty advanced
warfare except maybe the strafing the
rocket strafing from side to side
instead of a melee kick it's a melee
punch the double jumping oh this is no
way in their original this is the most
copied game I've ever seen in my life
well it was a game back in the day
called double dragon and then somebody
stole the idea and made another game
called river city ransom but other than
that this is crazy
jive Turkey jive Turkey don't diss your
board jive Turkey live from the to bun
Madhuri maldito sink
peace